Updates for backtrace-cocoa 1.7.4 GA (#1462)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/web-console/debug.md

The breadcrumbs that are added depend on the SDK that you're using. For more information on which events are automatically captured or how to configure breadcrumbs, see [Platform Integrations](/error-reporting/getting-started/).

### Global Variables
This pane is present for the Backtrace snapshot format used on UNIX and UNIX-like systems. It contains the values of any global variables that have been serialized.

### Variable Context
This pane is present for the Backtrace snapshot format used on UNIX and UNIX-like systems. It contains auxiliary information about a variable including type information, memory allocator state (size of allocation a variable points to, whether it is active or freed and much more).

### Variables
This pane is present for the Backtrace snapshot format used on UNIX and UNIX-like systems. Variables with a red box are currently freed. Variables with a green box are currently allocated. Variables with a red circle have warnings attached to them, click on the variable to expand it and see any potential warnings.

### Warnings

> This pane is present for the Backtrace snapshot format used on UNIX and UNIX-like systems. Use the prev and next button to browse warnings. Press the Select button to jump to a warning. Alternatively, check the Autoselect variable button to automatically jump to a variable that has a warning attached to it. Warnings include things like invalid memory allocator state, automated detection of variables accessed when the crash occurred and more.

Reviewer: Update format for using interface elements.
```suggestion
This pane is present for the Backtrace snapshot format used on UNIX and UNIX-like systems. Use the prev and next button to browse warnings. Click **Select** to jump to a warning. Alternatively, click **Autoselect variable** to automatically jump to a variable that has a warning attached to it. Warnings include things like invalid memory allocator state, automated detection of variables accessed when the crash occurred and more.
```

Reviewer 2: Change "Warnings include things like invalid memory allocator state, automated detection of variables accessed when the crash occurred and more" to "Warnings may include invalid memory allocator state, automated detection of variables accessed when the crash occurred, and more"
